access package assignment removal (#12812)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/api/accesspackage-delete.md

Delete an [accessPackage](../resources/accesspackage.md) object.

> Note that an access package cannot be removed if there are still assignments to that access package.  In order to remove assignments, [query the assignments](accesspackageassignment-list.md) with a filter to indicate the specific access package, such as: `$filter=accessPackage/id eq 'a914b616-e04e-476b-aa37-91038f0b165b'`, and then [create a new accessPackageAssignmentRequest](accesspackageassignmentrequest-post.md) in which the value of the **requestType** property is `AdminRemove`, to remove each assignment that is still delivered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot delete an access package if it has an **accessPackageAssignment**. To delete the access package, first remove the assignments. For more, see [Remove an assignment](accesspackageassignmentrequest-post.md#example-4-remove-an-assignment).
```

Author: updated paragraph.
